Utilities Plugin
===============

Utilities plugin is developed for some utilities for admin console, mentioned below, created by the Jive development team at **[raw engineering][]**.

**Note:** This plugin is build on **Jive SBS 4.5.5.0** 

**Clear Document cache**
------------------------

   

 - It is a useful tool when a document is edited in database, cache could be cleared for that    particular document instead of clearing cache of all document.

 - User have to provide the Document ID.

**Change Document expiration Date**
-------------------------------------

   
  - Changes the expiration date of the document to a particular date. 

  - Date picker functionality provided. 

  - This utility help to update any document expiration date to a precise date.

**Change Document State**
---------------------------

   
   - Very useful plug-in when we have to retrieve a expired document. 

   - This utility plug-in helps to change the state of a document from expired to
     published or vice- versa by just entering a Document ID and changing its states on one click. 

   - We can enter multiple Document ID value, allows comma separated.

 

**Change Document Author**
--------------------------

   
   - This plug-in would be used to change author for any particular document.

   - User have to provide Document ID of the document of which the author have to be changed and User ID of author with whom author should be replaced.

**Rename Tag**
--------------
   
   - A Utility plug-in which helps to replace a existing tag with a new or existing tag. 

   - User have to provide the old tag name and the new tag name.

[raw engineering]:http://www.raweng.com
[raw engineering blog]:http://www.raweng.com/blog/stack-scroll-view/